the vision on Patmos aisle in Greece in
95 ad foretells of Satan's last and best
strategy in today's end times
importantly Satan's final scheme has
already been framed in God's Word so the
world can know well in advance and not
be fooled this is because of a loving
and merciful God who shows the human
race the specific and clear pitfalls and
dangers along the way in this life and
as I mentioned God shows the world well
in advance in his word but the goal of
Satan's final evil strategy is to
deceive as many people worldwide as he
can and take as many people with him
into darkness and eternal torment as
possible people who don't believe the
devil exists or that the Bible is true
are playing right into the devil's hand
in fact most of the world's seven
billion people today and world leaders
are the participants of Satan's success
today having fallen for his scheme hook
line and sinker as scriptures foretell
of an ungodly and wicked generation but
what masterful strategy would Satan
choose to deceive what exactly does
revelation specifically show to be the
devil's very best skin in the end times
today in fact it is a religious strategy
and a religious ploy and is
unequivocally the greatest scam ever
perpetuated upon the human race in six
thousand years again all in the guise of
religion however revelation shows the
devil's religious deceptions will not
only permeate the final endtime human
race but the Satan will have actually
packaged all of his religious deceptions
into one man
and wrapping himself in the most
grandiose religious facade possible as
the world's greatest religious icon
second to none in today's end times more
specifically Revelation chapter 13 verse
11 shows the devil's final religious
human pawn as appearing to the world
like a lamb meaning having the outward
of religious appearance of being a
Christian without question the Bible and
known past history today proves that
what John the Revelator saw 2,000 years
in advance was the concoction of the
posse of Rome in the second and third
centuries and then expanding its satanic
religious tentacles through the
centuries right up to today's end times
importantly although John the Revelator
coined the term Antichrist in 90 AD John
never used the term Antichrist even once
five years later in the entire book of
Revelation but John only used the term
false prophet this is because John was
given a closer look at Antichrist in the
vision seeing him more defined as being
the false prophet the greatest religious
impostor ever and masquerading
successfully through the centuries as a
Christian to John the terms Antichrist
and false prophet were synonymous
referring to one and the same man in
fact the devil has specifically groomed
the popes of rome for centuries to
receive on earth what the devil could
not receive in heaven namely the
adoration and exalting from the Earth's
seven billion people a total success so
far as the Bible foretells and all under
Satan's mastered deception and hoax of
being the iconic Christian a total
mockery of God and the Lord Jesus Christ
you